Fix grammar in docs and docstrings (#43)
zaufi/pytest-matcher: doc/api.rst

    .. py:function:: expected_out.match(output: str) -> bool
    .. py:function:: expected_err.match(output: str) -> bool

        If the output contains data that changes from run to run (such as timestamps or paths),

>         edit the expectation file using regular expressions and match it with this function.

Author: ```suggestion
        edit the expectation file to use regular expressions and match it with this function.
```
